README.md, before:

# Git Fuckit !
`git fuckit` a git command used to commit the current working directory using a message taken from [whatthecommit.com](http://whatthecommit.com). Have some fun by committing your code with silly messages.

We also provide a `git fuckthis` command that will only commit the staged changes in case you don't want to fuck it all.

## Installation
Simply drop the `git-fuckit` and `git-fuckthis` file somewhere in your path, git will find them on its own ! 

You'll need to have curl on your path as well.

There is no dependance between `git-fuckit` and `git-fuckthis` in case you want to only use one of them.

## Thanks 
A big thanks to the folks behind [whatthecommit.com](http://whatthecommit.com), you can take a look at there source code [here](https://github.com/ngerakines/commitment)

## Disclaimer
Use at your own risk, not all colleagues may appreciate the goodness of committing something with a totally irrelevant message. Seriously, don't !


## Licence
Copyright 2015 Thibaut Lorrain

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing.

README.md, after:

# Git Fuckit !
`git fuckit` a git command used to commit the current working directory using a message taken from [whatthecommit.com](http://whatthecommit.com). Have some fun by committing your code with silly messages.

We also provide a `git fuckthis` command that will only commit the staged changes in case you don't want to fuck it all.

## Installation
Simply drop the `git-fuckit` and `git-fuckthis` files somewhere in your path, `git` will find them on its own ! 

You'll need to have curl on your path as well.

There is no dependance between `git-fuckit` and `git-fuckthis` in case you want to only use one of them.

## Usage
* `git fuckit` to fuck it and commit the whole working directory with a random message.
* `git fuckthis` to fuck this and only commit the staged changes with a random message.

## Thanks 
A big thanks to the folks behind [whatthecommit.com](http://whatthecommit.com), you can take a look at there source code [here](https://github.com/ngerakines/commitment)

## Disclaimer
Use at your own risk, not all colleagues may appreciate the goodness of committing something with a totally irrelevant message. Seriously, don't !


## Licence
Copyright 2015 Thibaut Lorrain

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
